[14.0] [mig] hr_holidays_public (#19)
OCA/hr-holidays: hr_holidays_public/readme/USAGE.rst

For adding public holidays:

> #. Go to the menu *Leaves > Public Holidays > Public Holidays*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to the menu *Time Off -> Public Holidays -> Public Holidays*.
```

#. Create your public holidays.

For using public holidays on leaves:

> #. Go to *Leaves > Dashboard*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to *Time Off -> Dashboard*.
```
